Much Anticipated Camp Docs (#158)
LLNL/camp: docs/sphinx/user_guide/getting_started.rst

.. _getting_started-label:

*************************
Getting Started with CAMP
*************************

This page provides information on how to quickly get up and running with Camp

------------
Installation
------------

Camp is hosted on GitHub `here <https://github.com/LLNL/Camp>`_.
To clone the repo into your local working space, type:

.. code-block:: bash

  $ git clone --recursive https://github.com/LLNL/Camp.git

The ``--recursive`` argument is required to ensure that the *BLT* submodule is
also checked out. `BLT <https://github.com/LLNL/BLT>`_ is the build system we
use for Camp.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Building Camp
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Camp uses CMake and BLT to handle builds. Make sure that you have a modern
compiler loaded and the configuration is as simple as:

.. code-block:: bash

  $ mkdir build && cd build
  $ cmake ../

> By default, Camp will only support the Host backend. Additional backends for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Camp will only support the ``Host`` backend. Additional backends for
```

device support can be enabled using the options such as ``-DENABLE_CUDA=On``
CMake will provide output about which compiler
is being used and the values of other options. Once CMake has completed, Camp
can be built with Make:

.. code-block:: bash

  $ make

-----------
Basic Usage
-----------

> Most Camp usage revolves around Camp resources. A quick way to get started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most Camp usage revolves around Camp ``Resource`` types. A quick way to get started
```

When introducing key concepts in Camp, I think this kind of emphasis helps readers know that something is a Camp type/class, etc.
